Welcome to AV testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show hello Brent hey Alan hey
it's podcast Alan more on that later okay it's kind of like Microsoft Alan
yes so I you know so many things to talk about and as usual Brent has no idea
what we're going to talk about but yet he is going to find a way to contribute
because that's what we do it is on my bucket list to master improv so let's go
yes and okay yes and I gotta address one thing this is the AV testing podcast where
we talk about a lot of things and occasionally we say something insightful
and interesting and we discover things about ourselves and we're gonna come
back to that more later because first I wanted to talk about one other thing and
that's the other thing we do is have tangents on the podcast right it is
since episode one I believe you know and tangent within a tangent tangent
inception which is also common on a be testing podcast when we went back and
listened to episode one I was surprised I forgot at that point how much we like
we're setting up canvas of what we were going to do and I think we may have
even had tangents then it's been part of the soul of the podcast from it is
minute I bet you we haven't tested this but I bet you it's within five
minutes of episode one yes and it is sometimes we discover the most
interesting things within the tangents they're not just they're not a non
sequitur they're a tangent it's we think of something you know what I don't know
if this is important I need to explore it exploratory testing podcast maybe I
don't know so one of the things that Spotify provides Spotify is technically
our podcast provider although it's RSS feed it everywhere your podcast live
originally through anchor it's actually a really good platform I like it I'll stick
with it but Spotify gives you the opportunity every week I have a little I
just take the default question that if you go to Spotify it'll say tell me what
you thought of the podcast and I've had like three replies ever and if so if
you guys want to reply there and drive up some interest tangent I've always
wanted more people who weren't we have a lot of people that came up through
testing and are now doing other things I'm still in testing listening but I
believe that our content is applicable to a lot lot people in software company
anyway one thing we're good at because we're good at switching the stack we
come back to the topic so I got a we found a listener who won thank you Simon
for taking the time to actually reply I appreciate that so much and thank you
for being part of the discussion I love all people don't agree with us I hope
that people that don't like us come back and try and find out more but I want to
I want to share this with the listeners for transparency this is not to pick on
Simon this is just this is good feedback but you know when you get that
feedback and it's like yeah that's who I am and this is what he says after all
that built up this is so hard to listen to for every minute of content that's
actually useful there's five of boring anecdotes and digressions so the first
thing I do is go oh well yeah that's right but then if I do the math that
means if we do a 45 minute podcast we actually have nine minutes of useful
content and for that I am truly grateful and happy and excited nine minutes of
yeah cuz that seems like too high right right right now so you know boring
anecdotes and useless those are subjective terms yeah and again the only
the customer can judge quality that's true of our customers find more quality
and other things and that's cool this is absolutely I can't I can't be mad at
this cuz it's true and I think for some people getting more I don't know we're
never gonna be a scripted podcast I thought about it before I thought about
like I'm gonna have a topic and we kind of started that way a little bit but even
in the beginning when we had an outline it wasn't really us no no I mean the
con but the compound thing we did in the beginning right was was an attempt to
constrain ADHD in some regards yeah but you know I think what really in my mind
what really kind of doomed the the idea of of ever even considering it is
something Alan and I have literally never talked about we have literally never
talked about constraining tangents and I have asked Brett to stop doing about
50,000 things on the podcast tangents is not one of them no no we have not and
I don't know a 50,000 seems high but hmm think about it might be 100 episodes it
might be at least 10,000 about about but you know big number the we have never
talked about ten just and in my mind what really doomed it was one of the
first pieces of feedback we got which was the vibe of the podcast is two guys
bullshitting over beer yeah and then you know what that's we accidentally hit a
vibe we wanted from get go and yeah and today I'm drinking sometimes I have
coffee in the podcast it's always coffee when we used to record in the
morning we're in the afternoon here so I'm drinking some water Brent has some
coffee Brent's cat staring at me it's awesome yeah so look at that face she's
sad she's like no one's better me anymore I gotta tell you the thing my
dog's doing and then I got a whole bunch of podcast topic to get into yeah
so we got some patio furniture and the weather's been getting better my dog now
insists not on going outside but taking a human outside with her because
she wants to be outside but she needs company so I was working outside this
afternoon and she's crashed on a little outdoor couch on the patio it's it's a
nice 70 degrees and breezy in Seattle anyway I come to go in to go to the
podcast and she looks at me says I'm not going back inside I'm staying here I
said fine stay out here don't cry when you can't get in the door and she's
still out there it's great okay animals are great okay I got um I got an order
for things in my head you don't know what it is but I think I want to tie up
some loose ends and talk about stuff I haven't talked about in 15 months okay
let's do it so you've mentioned this a couple times and I got it I got a figure
well I'm gonna go this way here's what I'm going to do and by the way I am
doing the thing where I'm not gonna go back and edit all my bull crap stupid
comments and mumbling and Brent's coughing out of the podcast just frickin
deal with it we're gonna go go go I am trying to hit mute whenever I need to
cough no you're really you're doing great and we're gonna make this work we're
gonna be live in fact if we get good at this one of the things I was looking at
was waiting for you to get here yet this is another tangent just shut up is
our platform gives us the ability to live stream to like four different
platforms so we should we used to do that a long time ago maybe we can
live-stream again listeners let us know what you think we record usually at 3
30 p.m. that's like 11 30 that's like late in Europe but let us know cuz I'm into
doing that again should be once but no promises I may change my mind because I
don't remember the last time I shower but it definitely wasn't today and
before you continue with the the random acts of randomness yes I will share with
you that there was a couple of cool events for me yesterday was my eighth
graders last day of school she doesn't graduate for another week but the eighth
graders get to get off school a whole week earlier than the rest of the class
is it so they can all go to Cancun and party I don't know like right right now
for the last two hours my daughter has been wandering the neighborhood playing
Pikmin Bloom which is the new the new fad app in the house yeah some some weirdo
just sent me an invite that I'm probably going to ignore okay cool well
congratulations but that was yesterday but the day before I got called in to to
answer the I presented to three different classes in in middle school on the
answer of the way the teacher presented it is I often get the question why are we
learning this I'm never going to use it when I'm older so true not true true not
in middle school it's algebra you still use everybody that I know just I'm just
giving you a bad time finish it finish it so I got called in to sort of
address that question nice did you pass out a B testing stickers oh I should
have dude blowing it I should have I don't I brought them home I don't even
know where they are right now it's been a hot minute since I've passed out of
an A B testing sticker I think the last one was my daughter she's like oh
I got a new laptop I need a sticker here heaven but obviously it to the kids it
was like a career fair but I actually walked them through a very lightweight
data science exercise where I discovered it so this is a tangent ish I
discovered one thing that's worth sharing that I did not know until I
started this M&M's they are made they are made out of two factories one of them is
in Tennessee in the end of the one is in New Jersey okay now that isn't so much
interesting because lots of places do things like that but what is interesting
is that each factory has a signature distribution of the colors for and it's
fundamentally different and so what I walked them through I had brought bags
of snack size M&M's which was and I had to break up into in the groups of six
because there's six colors of M&M's and so the smallest color would be roughly
50 M&M's so that everybody has a sense of the scope on the podcast but I
walked them through a data science exercise where we use data science to
figure out based on the signature which factory these bags came from and I don't
know that they learned anything from that but man I generated energy but you
know I knew that could have been from the sugar I knew my audience I knew that
you know the potential of free candy would generate energy and it succeeded it
was a lot of fun I did have a couple of kids come back and go wow that was
really like I got their attention and they were paying attention to what we had
done and and and then I went on and talked about chat GPT and AI and AGI for
us it's boring for them they're like what what and yeah it got a lot more
interactive when I was when I was essentially a local expert on the topic
anyway nice just sharing that we can go back to did they ask if you knew Bill
Gates no one I didn't even know Bill Gates has anybody I don't think so no
yeah yeah yeah okay so so many questions but I want to go over this because I
think I'm gonna do this order do you remember no you do you do and our
listeners do when I joined unity back in 2017 we did a segment for like every
almost every episode every other was a common segment for a long time of talk
about what Alan's doing at Unity and because what's interesting is when I
joined unity I told my boss at the time I said hey I have this podcast I do I
do a lot of blogging goes I know your Europeans are great I love Europeans I
said do I need to do I need to be careful or sign anything about what goes
you know I want you to talk about unity all the time we need publicity that's
why you're freaking here Alan people know who you are I said okay I'll do my
thing so if that wasn't why I did it but but the job stuff is constantly my
fodder for this podcast for my weekly blog posts for all kinds of things for a
lot of fodder comes from so it's interesting because I joined NBC
Universal for those of you that don't know yeah I think anytime you say NBC I
think you have to say it that way I don't think I do I do I don't think I do
I'm pretty sure I don't let me check our contract it says no so anyway when I
started here I didn't ask I was kind of like it was kind of on the down low I
was kind of checking things out and I never I was told once that HR would
contact me about like it I did have to fill out an NDA for not an NDA and not
something for because I'm on the board for another software company not important
all I have to do is promise I'm never gonna make the company by their software
that's fine but I was told that HR would give me a form at some point so I'd
make sure I wasn't talking about what we're doing and so I didn't and also
they never gave me the form so I haven't signed anything but kind of you
know trotting the thin line between should I talk about shouldn't but then
it's funny my boss who listens to the podcast gave me an interesting bit of
feedback I'll get into why in a minute which boss that boss or current boss
the old boss at unity he's living in Portugal doing he's like he got himself
he is in the perfect position he was legacy enough and smart enough they
didn't fire him but not good enough to actually do anything important so he has
this fellow job where he kind of sits at his house in Portugal and tries not to
cause trouble while his stock vests but it doesn't matter because the unity
stock is worth about three cents a share but anyway back to our story my current
boss tells me hi Steve Steve says what is not that is a paraphrase he goes I
want podcast Alan to show up to work more and I thought well this this is new
territory so let me but it's but I'm turning now to my microphone which is I
and you know what I don't disagree with him I'll get to that in a minute but it's
kind of like do I bring do I bring podcast Alan to work or do I bring
work Alan to podcast it's different so and I think what he's coming at here is
here I have an energy a curiosity a a drive to discussion a charisma a Riz as
the kids call it and it's not that I don't have that at work and I think I
have a lot of that my team would tell you they get podcast Alan a solid 90% of
the time but let me tell you without going into you know being too career
limiting it is I can probably say this without getting myself in trouble it is
weird working at a non software company so one of my employees jokes were it
for a media company first and a technology company fourth and and you know
it's a big part of my job is to try and raise the level of of engineering okay
the company but both through consolidating tools and practices and they
don't know what good looks like there's not a high bar so that I have an
existential crisis on how good is good enough when the bulk of your software is
internal facing and the answer is at the very least the min bar is good
enough people don't get frustrated and quit you have to work on velocity
productivity etc etc so what's weird for me and this is where not pod this is
where the opposite of podcast Alan shows his head is this is going somewhere is so
me there's like beer you cannot imagine the bureaucracy I the quote the quote
guardrails like I can't do that I've done this for I'm not even gonna pick on
specific things save myself but there are things that I could do in my first
day of Microsoft as a contractor that I do not have access to do at NBC you
because someone is deemed it's not it's private or can't be done so I get it I
wrote just so I get frustrated because it's so hard to get some things done but
things like that now it's interesting because one of the things that you and
I have in common is we're both change agents and we're INTPs and we're
frustrated by inefficiency and like someone every single time someone in my
career has told me this can't be done it is correlated to my next promotion
because I like for me can't is a four-letter word I just like what do you
mean it can't it's just freaking code yeah and well it's not even just coded
it's policy stuff so I don't want to go super deep into it but what he's getting
at is and I go into this talk I gave last week as well is it has been a huge
learning experience for me I think within my little panacea utopia of an
org that a bunch of hiring we've made some good progress it's I think I get
frustrated with myself a lot because in any other tech job I've been in the last
30 years a lot more would have been done so podcast Alan comes into Mopi
like you know I just some days it's just frickin hard so I don't want to go into
specific examples not worth it but you know what he said the thing I've been
thinking about don't go back don't don't change something do you know is
transitioning go ahead what podcast Alan is is there a behavior or an approach to
the add any sort of specificity no no and and you know it's it's kind of like
when you recognize Microsoft Alan weird different right and it's a little bit of
the riz and getting stuff done a lot of times I run into where things don't
want to get done so what I've done it's interesting he brought this up after I
was I think it was after I went away to give this talk that I'm gonna talk I'm
gonna walk through in just a second is like anything else is like where I think
I beat myself against the wall was trying to fix things that maybe just
can't be fixed right now and focusing on what I can fix and we do it there's some
stuff going on my ass more opportunity for that but interestingly just I think
I can't was that last I can't remember what I talked to maybe last Friday but
interestingly right before that last week I went to Montreal and I think I
mentioned this before on the podcast but I was asked way back in 2019 to give
a talk at this company called Genetec that makes security software and I could
not go because of this little thing called a global pandemic I was asked to
go again last year the year before they could do it every two years and I could
not go for other reasons but finally this year I said you know what I do want
to go because I know a bunch of people there and I've been the the person who
invited me is good friends with a colleague I had at Unity and I thought
and and and and and and there's now a direct flight from Seattle to Montreal
so I went out and talked to them specifically on the talk was called
quality catalyst transforming engineering teams for excellence so this
was a remember at Microsoft we used to have our internal or they called
engineering days or the little internal software conference at njex Easter
run when I was there yeah it's been replaced by em was so anyway yeah that's
what they're doing it's just a little internal software conference there they're
like a thousand engineers so I was talking to them about how do you get
changed to happen because Melissa was there hi Melissa I know you listen she
walked through the quality culture transition guide last time she was there
camera was last year at the year before time flies this is this is a
conference internal to internal to the company to NBC okay no no no no no no
to Genetek I was invited by another company got a got a got a come like I've
done forever like my favorite by the way I don't know if shmuel he was even around
the new more of sold in the industry but I was invited to speak at Intel
and Tel Aviv once and that was probably my favorite invited conference talk ever
but anyway back on this subject I go talk I'm being a quality catalyst so
Melissa was there last time she talked about the quality culture transition
guide but instead of going over the guide I hinted at it gave him a link but
I talked a lot about how and and this was in the last podcast not gonna recap at
all those of you that have seen me give talks before know that right before I
give a talk or write a talk I vetted on the podcast that you knowing so some
of that's been done I gave a little bit of history about modern testing came
to came to to be but the bulk of the talk was talking about the problem which
is the how how do you get people to change and it's all my favorite stuff
disappointing people at a level they can absorb a couple models around change
management focusing and prioritizing you know balancing the different you know
balancing the work all those things and and also learning to for testers
because they had some testers there emphasizing and they're they're a
pretty mature functional software organization so they were already doing
a lot of this so giving them some tips on coaching developers to do better
testing and increasing velocity all that kind of stuff so it's interesting I gave
all that stuff which is kind of what I do day to day but I don't know it's been
interesting so just a little more context for you Brent before I let you you know
talk about my job for a while is one media company totally weird totally
interesting the people are generally good there are a few that don't that
that are I'll be nice here there are a few that have interpersonal issues but in
other orgs not mine and yeah but that's everywhere you know no one million
percent yes in fact if like my last podcast sorry this is this is the last
podcast actual thing my last blog post last week I don't know if you read it
talked about I've been pondering this like when I was giving this talk I was
thinking about the difference between dysfunctional teams and toxic teams and
if you read that post when I worked on teams at Microsoft by the time I left
teams was a toxic team everybody sucked up to Brian it was just this weird it was
just weird we had all kinds of highly toxic behavior I wasn't gonna deal with
it anymore there is zero to almost zero virtually zero percent toxicity I had to
let my daughter in I'll be right back it was too hard I'm gonna have to edit yeah
that was a very good point Alan thank you could you add more clarity to that
for our listeners yeah all right yeah just in case I forget to cut I'm not
gonna say what I wanted to say so the point was that not toxic at all
dysfunctional yes stuff to fix but yeah I you know transparency I get frustrated
because there is in a little like I'm used to be able to be that to go out and
make whatever change I want I can't I haven't been able to find that niche
here everything you know any significant change is blocked because you know the
answer is things are slow so it's been hard for me so I'm learning to deal with
it people here's my question for you yeah ask away give me give me some Brent
therapy what are you doing to start chiseling like again I don't like can't
certainly swallowing can't vicariously is a lot easier but it's still bugs me so
I'm like okay fine I can't yet that's how I want you to phrase it I can't yet
right because it I think it's different I think it's I can't hear god damn it
Alan you're a change agent I am but I'm a change agent that's sprinting into
brick walls and I'm a little bloody well so stop sprinting into brick walls maybe
change it to a jog and and start figuring out why that wall is there like
million percent yes and and the walls they I'll tell you two things one is
that's what I've been doing is jogging instead of sprinting so I can look
around what's going out a little better and the wall is there you know why the
wall is there because the walls always been right and so this is where I was
gonna go next is I talked about this before and whether or not it was actually
done it doesn't matter the story is true true like what is the moral of the
monkey's experiment people will always do what's been done before and continue
to doing it they'll know that they can't change but you ask any of them well how
did this start why is it there they have forgotten it they don't know and even
that the ones that do know because they've been there long enough right
when you say okay well why is it so relevant today right you need to start
having the conversations and in a polite diplomatic way yeah and that's
absolutely doing you know me I'm absolutely doing that but what happens is
I jog and again this is not an unsolvable problem I was letting you know it's
weird working in it like in a software company where tech was first these
things wouldn't exist because we focus on we're focusing on building software
for customers that's not our number one priority so I get I get a little
momentum I get excited and try and move faster and then I get my soul
crushed no I just run into a wall after a member focus on what I can do don't
try and move too fast disappoint people it's disappointing people a level they
can absorb that level is lower than I'm used to I'm getting used to it still
yeah that's that's the right thing to do but I would also be specifically
targeting the part of the wall that seems to have the loosest bricks so
that you can break through like yeah we have some up with a fun thing be the
osh be the tide slamming against the wall sure yeah sure but there's a lot of
what I can do by walking the talk in the orgs that I do have control over or
influence over and that's that's kind of my focus now so it is the cool
thing is I've told you about this is I can get when I go down to the LA office
I can get a little golf cart and drive around the Universal Studios backlot to
have a self-guided tour things like that are kind of fun does NBC on Universal
yeah it's called NBC Universal oh okay the literal light bulb just when I know
it's completely self-serving light bulb I'm heading to in August I'm going to
Orlando oh you know we get a whopping four tickets a year for Universal Studios
but I can't give them away I have to be there to use them with three people so
so I can't otherwise I would just give you tickets okay Steve I'm talking to you
Steve I don't I don't know why this executive you've hired has so little
power but you know let me ask you so like he's a listener he seems to be
supportive of you as a podcast I'm curious what does Steve say when you
bring this up obviously if you're willing to talk about it on air you're
going yeah yeah you know well he's already here and this is yeah no
conversation I don't think we've had in pieces but he reminds me the same
things I remind myself of which it is what it is focus on what you can change
it's the same stuff I've been telling myself for the last 15 months but I
think he probably sees I have to think about this I think he because I'm pretty
sure my team sees podcast Alan almost all the time we have you know one of
you know one of the things I do is I work on building a team and and sorry
it's just up there work on building trust and and communication and all the
good things that help a team execute versus just crack the whip and get the
work done so to them I with my with my team I'm 100% podcast Alan 99 99%
podcast Alan but what he reminded me of is I don't think he sees podcast on the
time I talked to him I'm letting him know all the things that that all the
walls I've run into or all the weird things going on and he hears as many as
I do I won't give you the details just texted me one about a half hour ago it's
like face face palm weird but well yeah so I think it's so I think it's yeah so
yeah anyway these things come up I do I do think EQ right I'm putting on I'm
putting on my manager hat and going okay Alan's a little frustrated doing a
little EQ to to not get into the depressive stage I mainly want to talk
about kind of what I do my challenges at work of course I'm doing platform
engineering stuff that involves getting other people to learn how to run what
they build and things like that which they're not used to because it's it's new
to them see I like doing like crazy things that move the needles faster like
I would say I would do things like you know what we're taking the day off every
one of us all 250 of us and bring your lunch because we're all just going to
listen to the Phoenix project end-to-end for the first half and then after that
we're going to have a conversation around what does this mean for our team
what things can we do what things can we not do yeah my team is doing but
not Phoenix project but my team is doing a book club on accelerator right now
maybe we do Phoenix project next yeah I would just do well yeah I don't know if
one day would do it if you could get that many people to stay silent listen
to what audiobook right now I couldn't do it and remember we're all remote all
over the place at least in the US so at least we're in a reasonable number of
time zones but it could get weird not a blocker just not the right approach
right perhaps not I did I have tested it out individually with a couple of my
people and that had never even heard of it and I just said do the audio book oh
my god do the audiobook and it literally a hundred a hundred percent of
the time even at a company as sophisticated as Microsoft hundred
percent of the time came back with oh my god there are so many things we should
be doing differently yeah and there is a lot of and I remember at Microsoft when
we did those those engineering days I talked about earlier Josh Williams and I
gave a talk on just kind of what was happening outside the walls Microsoft had
a huge non invented here issue in the 2000s I know you I know you remember
there was such little knowledge into anything happening in the outside world
whether it was tools or processes or anything that's why even though agile
have been around for years before Bing moved to it it was just this new magic
thing that nobody had ever heard of right so but that's it turns out you
know that wasn't true at a startup at Unity people were pretty aware of what
was going on but I think I think maybe it happens with tenure because we have a
lot of folks at NBC you have been there quite a few years like Microsoft and I'm
not sure what the correlation is but we have a lot of people who don't who I
don't know if it's a variation of Dunning Kruger where you but it's a
level of knowledge where you think you know all you need to know but if you
learn just a little bit more you would realize how much you don't know
and I think we have a lot of folks that kind of because they've been doing the
same things for a long time working in the same ways they don't know there's a
better way you you don't know what you don't know the other thing that I would
say is based off my base on my experience right there are I don't think
people want to be in a fixed mindset I've been talking about this a lot so
this is a conversation I have with my team when we run into people because
there is some of that around and then the question is how do you teach curiosity
and you just mentioned a minute ago that was rhetorical for now but a real
question and the answer is you can but you just mentioned you don't know what
you don't know but then when you have to provide according to armor is what a
suitable means to discover what you don't know you don't know right right
and I think a lot of the people who were when the tenure right being old doesn't
mean you're locked in your ways no I'm super old and and I I cannot stand to be
to stand as is I have to look for new ways to do things you know how much I
read it's all because I know that I don't know enough to do what I need to do
so I need to get more information in my head so I can figure it out it's it's
sickness but it helps me be successful I don't think it's a sickness at all it's a
little bit I actually think it's it's I honestly think it's the example that
others need to to to learn from it's well yeah there there there is my approach
that won't run into a brick wall I want you all to be like me no I would
propose selling it that way would would not be a good idea I don't think
it would work just a hunch it's this I was telling you off air beef no I just
said just at the beginning of the podcast Wow memory going right one of the last
things I shared with the kids around around AI right is don't avoid it be
cautious right don't there's certain things like don't be very explicit around
what data you're willing to share I'm like we have the tech today with three
seconds of audio we can completely phone your voice that tech exists but very
scary but that said you can't run away there's no way to run away what you what
you need to do is be very cautious about your data that part you can
protect to some degree right but the future is going to be those people
who have mastered how to work with AI not against it or yeah avoid it right and
we've yes and that's what we've we've preached that on the podcast many times
and I also told them one of my last statements which is more relevant to what
we're talking about is that I actually believe that the number one skill of
the future is the ability to quickly learn and apply something new yes and
you won't know what that new is absolutely that's why I think and I'm
gonna get on the soapbox again I've been on the podcast and this is if it's a
tangent or logical direction but you know as you know I'm on the board for the
School of Arts and Humanities at my alma mater I'm sure I've mentioned it
before you have for like many years and the reason is is they like me
because you were a you got one of these useless arts degrees and here you
are kind of doing okay in tech and the thing I learned and the thing I took
away from college was like not a skill if you want to get a skill go to a
frickin vocational school or a boot camp I learned how to learn and a lot of
college students don't get that and I think you know my experience where I
went to school the art students got that a lot more but I learned how to
learn and I learned to love learning I learned how to break down problems I
learned critical thinking and those things all lead to that you know that
growth mindset that was talking about before where I have to keep on looking
for information randomly in a hope that I may be able to figure the next thing
out that comes to me but I think that's I think that's missing and I wonder if
like my son I think I told the story he went to he started off as a computer
science degree and was and unfortunately or fortunately I think it's okay but
not for him the computer science program he was in was a really good program if
you're actually going to be a computer scientist and not a software developer
oh okay like organic chemistry and advanced physics were required and so
he did poorly in those and very good in the programming classes and honestly I
don't think and maybe that's true for the computer scientists of the future
but for I would say for and that's knowledge work too so it's weird so
anyway I think for any knowledge work and Dan pink talked about this in a whole
new mind knowledge workers are the future and it's it comes from exactly what you
talked about the ability to adapt and learn quickly right that's that that's the
superpower to be successful for the next 20 years completely or at least how do
we prepare people for that how do we get people who aren't doing that to do
that so I was thinking around you know the folks that have been there for a
long time and like to me and I don't know if this wait to me I think of okay
Alan is probably facing some form of monkeys experiment problem some form of
I I have been here forever I know how everything works I heard that a couple
weeks ago I'll tell you the story offline yeah the I think I think to
start breaking down those walls as number one right you asked the precision
question well that's interesting tell me the history why was that put in place
right and I have a tendency to do that very informally that's right out of the
coaching the coaching habit right but then what I will do is once I'm doing
information gathering intelligence gathering I'm like why is this here
like before I go and knock down this wall I better make sure it's not load-bearing
right for sure if it's load-bearing then I need to come up with a different
strategy but right this one a lot of the walls I've been knocking down around
and like in my career it's like no it's been put in place and and everyone's
just accustomed that's the way to do it right and I'm like okay and I've told
on this podcast and no one understands BBT's in them anymore but I remember I
remember those I was on a team that had shipped three products and it's been in
six years never got their BBT's to pass okay and and I I volunteered proactively
to take that project because I was fascinated by that because to me it felt
like like every team I had ever been on had successfully done that it's the
easiest BBT suite and yet this team which I already knew was filled with
smart people could not get it to happen I would I was like I'm just curious as
to what the hell you guys did to even achieve that result like this is this
is hard to have that stat right and turns out it stems I just went around
interviewed people and it probed probed and probed and it turns out it stemmed
from a belief that if we have our in the end tests be our BBT's that our quality
will never go down so it started off with the principle of I'm gonna have the
highest quality bar for a BBT suite so let me let me redefine what a BBT is
right yeah and and when I saw that I'm like oh yeah we're changing that yeah and
and it was one of the things that I did is I went into the room and I was a new
I don't know if you can use this I you I've used this in my career multiple
times okay if you proactively assert in the right audience if you proactively
assert I have the singular power and authority to make this decision and I am
making it okay if you do that carefully in the right context no one pushes back
and it because no one pushed back guess what just happened you do yeah I went in
I was a metal manager there and I said yeah I'm making this change this is
what's going to happen we're gonna actually have a BBT suite and other
people came to me and we're like but we got it I'm like I hear what you're
saying and we will get there but we are moving forward with this direction
right and I'm thinking about your situation I'm like huh I wonder how many
places like if you were to go in and say look I am the VP of super awesome sauce
and as part of my responsibilities that's a title change request even as and as part
of that role I in fact have the authority to make this decision you
cannot tell me no and then see what happens like literally see what happens
I'm sure someone would call a meeting to discuss some might some might but if you
say yeah no I'm not having a meeting to discuss a power that I have sorry like
you are now wasting my time sorry I'm not doing I don't know I don't know to
what degree that would succeed but I'm willing to bet at least one of the
things that you're doing that trick well I don't know if I can do that but
the way I look at it is this this has been you know I you know me I can do a
lot of things this has been hard but I still look at it is like if I can do
this I can do just about anything so it's been you know it's been super fun
challenging and frustrating at times but super fun and the progress is happening
like I won't even talk about where we were versus where we are there's
definitely definitely you look back a lot of things that were careful with my
words here Alan there are things that weren't as good before that are better now
that are noticeable and especially when you consider how not good they were
before
like a politician I don't think you cracked a single eggshell in that walk
yeah it was a long walk so anyway I want to give a little bit because of that
comment from you know podcast down I will work on bringing I don't know if I
can do podcast Alan all the time but I can do it here and you know what and the
main thing was I had wanted to talk a little bit about where I was and what I
was doing is just platform engineering stuff you know fairly small team
compared to what I've done before but lots of you know lots of room to try and
drive change and just figuring out where I can disappoint people at a level they
can absorb all right that's kind of what I'm doing all right okay let's call
it there all right once again I am podcast Alan and I'm just Brent today all
right yeah see you later no you don't play the intro there Alan I'm leaving that
gefal in the podcast along with this voiceover